hi friends welcome to easy and homestyle
cooking a mrs. Ragini today I'm going to
share a very very healthy recipe and
this is nothing but ragi samkutty in
Telugu we call it as Raji Sanka t-this
is you know royal Seema's favorite
favorite food and they serve this raga
sankunni along with not too kodi pulusu
not Dakota is nothing but country
chicken gravy
they make very spicy country chicken
gravy and this Wragge Sanka tea with
some nice ghee on top and this they have
it in royal Seema
so difference today I thought of sharing
only the Ravi Shankar is opee
which I make it regularly in my house
first we need a pan and usually they add
some rice also so first in a bowl add
the rice just one or two tablespoon of
rice you can soak the rice in water for
15 to 20 minutes we are going to add
some more of rice and first we are going
to cook the rice till it is you know 80%
done and then we are going to add the
Wragge this is the finger millets we
call it in English and this is a fine
powder you get it in the market you can
try it out different variations which I
already showed you how to make you know
Rajee roti by adding this Wragge in
different you know chapatis Piratas you
can add this flour even our regular
chapati mixture also and make a dish so
difference we are going to let this cook
for 80% and then we are going to add the
finger millets that is ragi flour can
add very little salt not too much and
cover this and I am going to cook for
80% so friends here you can see the rice
is slightly cooked just 80% it should
cook it's still grainy grainy that is
perfect and now in this water itself we
are going to add the ragi flour how much
of a quantity if you want more of Wragge
then you can add more of Wragge mixes we
are going to add some more of water and
we are going to cook this for another 5
minutes in a very very slow flip
add some more of salt mix it and cover
it with a lid and let it sit for five
minutes
in a very very slow flame then whatever
the moisture is there this will observe
even the rice also will get cooked
thanks cover this so friends after just
three to four minutes you can see this
very very slow flame I am cooking this
why I am cooking in very slow flame
because we want our rice to be cooked
and even the raga clot that is finger
millets also needs to be cooked so you
can just remove the lid in between you
can see the rice you are able to see if
you want less of rice then you can add
less of rice and more of ragi flour and
usually they serve this with ghee and as
I told you with not kodi pulusu and even
with curd also this goes excellent in
the curd you can chop some onions and
some you know finely chopped ginger and
some finely chopped green chillies and
serve this with that you will literally
enjoy it
so difference this is already you can
have just like this also as I told you
you can have it with curd switch off the
flame this is done I am just going to
cover this and let it sit for some time
and then you can have it and take some
ghee and serve the ghee on top now with
the hands usually we need to have mix it
along with the ghee
this is nice and healthy dear friends
for kids also this is an excellent dish
this is very very healthy dish even for
one year old kid you can cook this and
give it to them there will be healthy
you know
this type of food like you know adding
ghee and salt we usually give it a small
kids I used to feed my son by mashing
the rice and some salt and some key and
simple tries like that so DIF I hope you
enjoyed this very very simple
ragi Sanka D I am going to show you how
to make not Cody pull so also in the
next session so make it along with that
you can have this very very simple ragi
thunk ready combination of not quadruple
soon see you in another session with
some more recipes but don't forget to
share it make it and also feed your
family
fresh fresh food